(announcer on PA)
Folks, the attacks have been
flying fast and furious
in our competition,
and many hopefuls
have seen their dueling dreams
come crashing to the ground!
As our Arc League Championship
continues,
let's hear from some of the fans
in the peanut gallery‐‐ Joy?
Hi!
This is your roving reporter,
Joy Jeever, reporting live
from a cheering section
supporting the You Show School!
Skip Boyle,
as the school principal and
chief dueltaining coach,
you must be thrilled
with how well Yuya Sakaki
and your daughter, Zuzu,
have performed so far.
What do you think has been the
key to their competitive
success?
Well, I'd say
it's mostly
the outstanding training
they've recei‐‐
It's 'cause they
have great friends!
Go get 'em,
Zuzu and Yuya!
Sic your opponents
like a Rottweiler!
Mrs. Sakaki, you must be
thrilled for your son.
I'm his biggest fan.
But that Reed Pepper
is a hot tamale!
And Dennis Macfield, too!
(all groaning)
♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day ♪
♪ And make history ♪
♪ Swing
into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere ♪
♪ Any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go 'head
and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's
in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove ♪
♪ I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove ♪
♪ I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will you
choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪
Although we lost our first duel
together,
I feel it was a great experience
because we both learned so much
about friendship
and teamwork!
The only thing I learned
from that debacle
is how much
I hate losing.
(gasps)
Huh?
Two Pendulum cards!
A sign
of good fortune!
A pair of cards for a pair
of inseparable friends!
I'll even let you choose
which one you'd
Where are they going?
It is as if the cards were
trying to escape from us!
Perhaps a genie has cast a spell
on them!
We found you!
Huh?
They fell for it!
Hook, line, and sinker!
Ha ha ha!
I just made my best catch ever,
Reed!
Look what's for dinner!
Hey!
What's cooking,
guys?
You looking
for a table for two?
'Cause if you are, it would be
my pleasure
to serve up some
culinary competition!
I hope you brought your
appetites with you!
Reed Pepper!
Oh!
That Reed Pepper
is such a dreamboat!
Any girl would gladly set sail
with him!
Heh heh heh!
Now I can reel in as many
duelists as I want.
After all,
I've got plenty of cards
and Reed's the perfect
bait.
I think you're
totally right, Trout.
You were the missing ingredient
to my recipe for success.
With your help,
I know I'll get to the top
of the field in no time!
The key to fishing is
knowing how to be patient.
I'll keep
reeling in opponents
so that Reed can collect
their Pendulum cards.
But the second I see
he's worn down from dueling,
I'll pull a bait and switch
and challenge Reed
to a one‐on‐one battle!
Once I win, I'll cast
him off
and keep all the cards
for myself!
Ha ha ha!
Good luck,
partner!
I'll be pullin'
for you!
What's up with
the fisherman?
Why isn't he battling
in the duel?
Letting Reed go it alone
makes zero strategic sense!
It's like playing
with half a deck!
Are you sure you still want
to go through with this?
You better believe it.
I can't wait
to get started!
(computer)
Battle Royale mode engaged.
Ready?
Let's duel!
(announcer)
We're in for a wild one
in the Jungle Zone
as the king of the kitchen,
Reed Pepper, takes on
the tenacious tandem
of Halil and Olga!
And what
have we here?
A solo duelist has just
entered the Volcano Zone!
A few moments ago,
it was erupting
with some of the most intense
dueling I've ever seen!
Where's Yuya?
(young man)
Oh, he's already moved on
to another zone!
Huh?
Hi!
Who're you?
The name
is Dennis.
I'm an exchange student
at the Leo Institute
and a friend
of Yuya.
You're friends?
And how!
Why, dueling can make
anybody friends!
Do you mean that you
dueled against Yuya?
We teamed up.
And we were
very successful.
Yuya and I just beat
a pair of duelists
from the Banded
Warrior Academy.
I think we should duel so
we can become better friends.
Don't you think,
Zuzu?
How do you know
who I am?
My passionate dream is to become
a great dueltainer someday.
So you see, I'm familiar
with the You Show School
and it's most enchanting
entertainer!
What's he doing,
winking at my daughter?
Maybe he just got something
stuck in his eye.
This will be the most
romantic contest ever!
It's more like a date
than a duel!
Zuzu's so lucky!
Lucky?
You're interested
in dueling me, huh?
I guess it would be rude
to turn down a challenge
from an
aspiring dueltainer.
So I accept.
And to make things
even more interesting,
what if we each put two
Pendulum cards on the line
for the winner?
Mmm!
A great idea!
Let's go for it!
And now without
further ado,
Let's duel!
After you, Zuzu.
No, thanks.
I wanna see
what you can do.
You go first,
Dennis.
As you wish.
Now then, let's begin!
It's a good thing
there are no monsters
on either of our
fields...
because I'm allowed to bring
this performer to the stage!
Presenting the one and only
Performage Stilts Launcher!
Then, after placing
one card facedown,
I'm going to take things up
a notch...
by placing
Pendulum Statue Yellow Scarab,
directly in the Pendulum
Zone!
Why do that?
You need two Pendulum Cards to
Pendulum Summon, not just one.
Because it allows me
to use
Yellow Scarab's
Pendulum ability!
It bulks up my Stilts Launcher
by 300 attack points!
I see.
Pretty clever,
Dennis.
Duels are a lot
more enticing
when they're full of
unexpected twists and turns.
You never know what'll
happen next.
Plus, it makes your opponent
pay extra close attention!
Well, right now
I'm guessing that you don't
have two Pendulum cards
or you would have
used them both.
If that's the case,
I need to make my move!
It's my turn!
Ha!
Watch carefully as I use
my Scale 3 White Butterfly
and my Scale 9
White Flower
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
Quick as a wink,
I can summon monsters
from Levels 4 through 8
all
at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Take the stage,
girls!
Give it up for Soprano
the Melodious Songstress!
And Tamtam
the Melodious Diva!
Thanks to Soprano, I can Fusion
Summon without Polymerization!
Look and listen as she and
Tamtam fuse together!
Now, ladies,
merge your might!
Together you will create a new,
more powerful melodic monster!
I Fusion Summon!
Bloom Diva,
the Melodious Choir!
Once again, Zuzu Boyle
wows the fans
with a pitch‐perfect
Fusion Summon!
Folks, this girl
is a natural!
Hey!
I dig the moves
you're making!
They're almost as
amazing as you are.
Can we dial back
the drool
and get back
to the duel?
Please forgive me.
When I use Tamtam
to Fusion Summon,
her special ability
activates!
Now Bloom Diva's attack
points lower by 500
and she then deals that
amount in damage to you!
That was a warm up.
Next, Bloom Diva will
perform her showstopper!
When she attacks,
she can't be destroyed
by your Stilt Launcher.
And instead of me
taking damage,
you take the damage
that I was going to take!
And for
her grand finale,
your Stilts Launcher is
automatically destroyed!
I'd ask for an encore,
but I couldn't survive it.
You're knocking me out
with your moves,
so I'd like
to return the favor!
I activate the Action Spell
Flame Ball to deal you damage!
Heh, but not much.
Wait...
If you think this is
an ordinary orb,
you're in for
a staggering surprise.
One, two, three!
Huh?
Aaah!
Are you okay?
That Flame Ball was
more intense than usual
because I banished
Stilts Launcher.
That let me pump up
Flame Ball's damage
so it equaled the damage
I took from Bloom Diva.
(announcer)
Tensions are building
in the Volcano Zone!
I can sense at any second these
duelists are gonna boil over
like the magma
beneath their feet!
Hurl those attacks!
Go, Dennis, go!
If you can serve up
a victory, Reed,
I'll serve you snacks
I made for Frederick!
Oooh!
Heads up!
As you can see, Yuya Sakaki is
entering the Ancient Ruins Zone!
Shay!
I'm glad I ran into you,
'cause I got a lot of questions.
Starting
with Sora!
And Duel Academy!
I have a question
for you, too.
Huh?
About Yuto.
Where have you taken him?
Yuto?
Who is that guy?
I know about the duel between
Yuto and that fusion freak Sora.
The moment you stuck your nose
in their duel
was the last anyone's
seen of Yuto!
What did you do
with my best friend?
Where is he, Yuya?
I'm not sure‐‐
Don't play dumb!
I know you were involved
in his disappearance!
That much is clear!
Otherwise, try to explain
how you ended up
with Yuto's Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon in your deck!
You have it all wrong!
I didn't steal
that card from him.
He handed it over
to me!
Yuto gave
it to me.
(man)
Ha ha! You left
your flank exposed.
You will pay dearly for
letting your guard down.
Slash
the Assault Knight,
make ready to strike down
your double!
Commence your assault!
Your Knight showed
perfect form.
But my Knight can
parry the blow easily!
We're right in
their line of fire!
These creeps are harder
to get rid of than rats.
Careful!
Insults could very well
lead to your undoing.
Yes, it will be
a shame
if one of these blasts
accidently strikes you.
Now then, Assault Knight,
ready your lance
and commence with
your attack!
(both shouting)
A worthy attack,
good sir.
Though, my monster
will shield me!
They're battling
each other
so that they can use their
attacks to try and take us out.
Those snakes!
Your accusation
is absurd.
We were engaged in a three‐way
combat when you two intruded.
If it is your desire
to stop us,
then duel us again,
but unlike last time, your
ending will be a tragic one.
Slash!
Strike with furious fury
and show no mercy!
Argh!
Yaaaah!
(moaning)
How can they get away with
attacking defenseless duelists?
Once again, we offer up the
chance to join our duel.
I suggest you choose wisely...
or it could be your downfall!
Ha ha ha!
(grunting)
Hey, Shay!
Who are they?
They're not supposed to be
in the tournament.
Sir!
Cut off the public video feed
for that zone immediately!
What happened?
Aw, man!
Hey, where'd
the picture go?
Come on,
I wanna see it.
They stopped showing
the Ancient Ruins Zone.
Uh, sorry!
There appears to be
a slight glitchypoo
with the Ancient Ruins
cam.
Hey, whadya say we check out
the Volcano Zone
where there's a
"lava" action going on?
Next, I'm gonna
hit the brakes
by activating
the spell card Slow Tempo!
With this spell card, I'm
changing the pace of this duel
and ruining your strategy
because now, if you summon
a monster from your hand,
it can't attack
during that turn.
That means any monsters
I summon from my hand
have to wait
to attack,
further complicating
my efforts.
Zuzu...
I love what
you've done!
Beating you will be
next to impossible.
But I'm goin' for it!
♪ Laaaaa! ♪
It's my chance to shine
in the spotlight!
The best way
to turn this duel around
is by making
some big waves
with my Scale 2 Blue Whale and
Scale 10 Yellow Scarab!
I'll use 'em both
to set the Pendulum Scale!
Now I can summon monsters
from Levels 3 through 9
at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Come on out‐‐
the wacky and wonderful
Performage Damage Juggler!
And the fabulous fire‐guzzler,
Performage Flame Eater!
I Overlay my Level 4 Damage
Juggler and Flame Eater
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Way to go, guys!
But you better keep
holding your breath, folks,
'cause now we're gonna try and
make summoning history!
I... Xyz Summon...
Performage Trapeze Magician!
This guy's full
of surprises!
That's the girl Declan
was talking about.
My
so‐called twin.
What do those guys want?
Huh?
No way&!
That's...
Sora!
You again.
The two of us have unfinished
business, Shay,
but now I can
finally settle the score
once and for all!
(Yuya)
Sora!
You're all right!
Where've you been?
Keep those three
knight‐nerds occupied.
I'll take care of
the Xyzian myself.
Sora!
Over here!
I know you see me!
Ahh! Ahh!
I declare, that simpleton
insulted us!
Just who do these
scoundrels think they are?
We are
Obelisk Force.
(computer)
Battle Royal mode engaged.
Get set!
Okay,
Trapeze Magician!
Take a swing
at Bloom Diva!
Didn't you learn
anything from earlier?
Bloom Diva's gonna
destroy your monster
and deal you damage!
Let it rip,
Diva!
Oh, I know.
If you knew, then why'd
you attack her?
For the thrill of it!
Trapeze Magician
wants to show off!
Thanks to my Magician's
special ability,
my life points are protected
so I take no damage
from your
sweet songstress!
That may win you
style points,
but your Trapeze Magician's
still destroyed..
Nuh‐uh!
I've got a cool trick
to show you!
One& two&
Three!
Huh?
Oh!
Excuse me,
what just happened?
I pulled a monster
switcheroo!
I never attempted this stunt
during a duel before,
but it worked like a charm,
thanks to my trap Trick Box!
Our two monsters switched
places,
so what's mine is yours
and what's yours is now mine!
Diva's on your side?!
Exactly!
Okay, Bloom Diva,
serenade Trapeze Magician
with your favorite tune!
Give
my star performer
the spectacular send‐off
he deserves!
I want you to bring down the
house, and Zuzu along with it!
(Zuzu screaming)
(screaming)
That song had more impact
than I expected!
Hang on!
But, Dennis!
You'll fall
into the lava, too!
I think not!
Our duel may be over,
but I still have one
final trick up my sleeve!
So hang on tight,
Zuzu!
This is gonna
be close!
Nice catch,
my friend!
Glad to have you
back on my team!
(crowd cheering)
(announcer)
Dennis Macfield pulls off a win
and a mid‐air rescue
in one of the greatest displays
of dueltaining I've ever seen!
Put my daughter
down!
And get a haircut
while you're at it!
I think they're adorable
together.
I never like
losing a duel.
But it was definitely
fun.
Agreed.
But as fun as it was,
our rematch will be
even more amazing!
(Zuzu's "twin")
There isn't going
to be any rematch!
That's because this next duel
will be your last!
Huh?
I didn't know
you had a twin!
She does look
just like me!
Could she be
Lulu?
(announcer)
Sorry, folks!
Looks like someone forgot
to pay the cable bill!
Ha ha ha ha!
We just cut the public feed for
the Volcano Zone, Mr. President.
The time for action
has finally arrived.
You candidates have shown great
promise and potential.
It's time to prove you have what
it takes to become Lancers!
Sora!
Shay!
Don't leave without me!
(all groaning)
Got 'em.
Who knew duelists from Standard
would be such pushovers?
Oh!
All these people...
I can feel their pain...
their suffering...
Aaah!
What did you
do to him?
Bring him back!
Why bring him back,
when you can join him?
Ready?
Don't do it!
Please,
no!
Stop it!!
♪